At a quick glance, your website appears to be attention-drawing (which in this case is a good thing) and the design is decent, with a nice, soft colour palette. The fonts used and their stylisation makes it easy to read the pages.

I have one main thing to address for the navigation bar: the spacing between the text and the icons. A larger space between these two things will make it easier to read the text. You might also want to shift the text up so that it is centred vertically. The blog link does not seem to work yet as well, so either you should remove that or make use of Bootstrap’s “disabled” class (I believe this is the class name).
Within your header section, it contains links to your Github, LinkedIn and Twitter accounts. Personally, I wouldn’t do this because it makes it almost as though you are desperate that you want to be contacted, despite the user not having read anything about you yet. However, if you intend on keeping this here, you might want to add a larger margin between each of the icons and making the icons smaller (say 50% of its current size). You also want to make sure that external links open in a new tab.
In the introduction, the title is “About Joe”. I kind of find it weird how it switches from first person to third from the header section (the part with the nature image in the background), so I would change that. For the sake of professionalism/formalism, I would avoid contractions like “I’m” but ultimately that is up to you. Whichever approach you take (formal/casual), ensure that this is consist throughout the website.
The Focuses section could be improved by reviewing the English in here. For example, changing “best practice” to “best practices”. There are others, of course, but other than that this section is pretty good.
The Blog section seems to be fine. I have no concerns for this. 
The Projects section is empty, except for a note. All good.
Your footer has a few concerning things, so I’ll go over them one by one. The spacing between your logos and other elements: is it enough? Ensure that you check the each of the logo’s spacing requirements – a quick search should do it. The spacing between other elements could also be increased and then made uniform (i.e. same amount of spacing between the “contact me” button and the copyright and the credits).
As for your compatibility between devices, it seems mostly good. You should probably only have one post per “line” in your blog section, and add a similar margin/padding around the placeholder text in the projects section. 
